swagger/specification/applications/resource-manager/readme.csharp.md, before:

## C#

These settings apply only when `--csharp` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--csharp-sdks-folder=<path to "SDKs" directory of your azure-sdk-for-net clone>`.

```yaml $(csharp)
csharp:
  azure-arm: true
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  payload-flattening-threshold: 1
  clear-output-folder: true
  client-side-validation: false
```

``` yaml $(csharp) && !$(multiapi) && !$(csharp-profile)
namespace: Applications
output-folder: $(csharp-sdks-folder)/applications/management/src/Generated

batch:
  - package-core: true
  - package-link: true
```

### Batch settings: multi-api
These settings are for batch mode only: (ie, add `--multiapi` to the command line )

``` yaml $(multiapi)
namespace: Applications.$(ApiVersionName)
output-folder: $(csharp-sdks-folder)/$(ApiVersionName)/Generated

batch:
  - core-2022-03-15-privatepreview: true
    ApiVersionName: Api2022_03_15_privatepreview
  - link-2022-03-15-privatepreview: true
    ApiVersionName: Api2022_03_15_privatepreview
```

``` yaml $(core-2022-03-15-privatepreview)
tag: package-core-2022-03-15-privatepreview
```

``` yaml $(link-2022-03-15-privatepreview)
tag: package-link-2022-03-15-privatepreview
```

### Tag: package-core-2022-03-15-privatepreview
``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-core-2022-03-15-privatepreview'
output-folder: $(csharp-sdks-folder)/applications/management/2022-03-15-privatepreview/core/src/Generated
input-file:
- Applications.Core/preview/2022-03-15-privatepreview/global.json
- Applications.Core/preview/2022-03-15-privatepreview/environments.json
- Applications.Core/preview/2022-03-15-privatepreview/applications.json
```

### Tag: package-link-2022-03-15-privatepreview
``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-link-2022-03-15-privatepreview'
output-folder: $(csharp-sdks-folder)/applications/management/2022-03-15-privatepreview/link/src/Generated
input-file:
- Applications.Link/preview/2022-03-15-privatepreview/openapi.json
- Applications.Link/preview/2022-03-15-privatepreview/extenders.json
```

Commit message:

Update copyright to Radius authors (#5559)
# Description

Update copyright to Radius authors

#5315 

<!--
We strive to have all PR being opened based on an issue, where the
problem or feature have been discussed prior to implementation.
-->

Fixes: #issue_number

## Checklist

Please make sure you've completed the relevant tasks for this PR, out of
the following list:

* [ ] Code compiles correctly
* [ ] Adds necessary unit tests for change
* [ ] Adds necessary E2E tests for change
* [ ] Unit tests passing
* [ ] Extended the documentation / Created issue for it

swagger/specification/applications/resource-manager/readme.csharp.md, after:

## C#

These settings apply only when `--csharp` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--csharp-sdks-folder=<path to "SDKs" directory of your azure-sdk-for-net clone>`.

```yaml $(csharp)
csharp:
  azure-arm: true
  license-header: "Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 . See LICENSE in the repository root for license information.\nCode generated by Microsoft (R) AutoRest Code Generator.\nChanges may cause incorrect behavior and will be lost if the code is regenerated."
  payload-flattening-threshold: 1
  clear-output-folder: true
  client-side-validation: false
```

``` yaml $(csharp) && !$(multiapi) && !$(csharp-profile)
namespace: Applications
output-folder: $(csharp-sdks-folder)/applications/management/src/Generated

batch:
  - package-core: true
  - package-link: true
```

### Batch settings: multi-api
These settings are for batch mode only: (ie, add `--multiapi` to the command line )

``` yaml $(multiapi)
namespace: Applications.$(ApiVersionName)
output-folder: $(csharp-sdks-folder)/$(ApiVersionName)/Generated

batch:
  - core-2022-03-15-privatepreview: true
    ApiVersionName: Api2022_03_15_privatepreview
  - link-2022-03-15-privatepreview: true
    ApiVersionName: Api2022_03_15_privatepreview
```

``` yaml $(core-2022-03-15-privatepreview)
tag: package-core-2022-03-15-privatepreview
```

``` yaml $(link-2022-03-15-privatepreview)
tag: package-link-2022-03-15-privatepreview
```

### Tag: package-core-2022-03-15-privatepreview
``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-core-2022-03-15-privatepreview'
output-folder: $(csharp-sdks-folder)/applications/management/2022-03-15-privatepreview/core/src/Generated
input-file:
- Applications.Core/preview/2022-03-15-privatepreview/global.json
- Applications.Core/preview/2022-03-15-privatepreview/environments.json
- Applications.Core/preview/2022-03-15-privatepreview/applications.json
```

### Tag: package-link-2022-03-15-privatepreview
``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-link-2022-03-15-privatepreview'
output-folder: $(csharp-sdks-folder)/applications/management/2022-03-15-privatepreview/link/src/Generated
input-file:
- Applications.Link/preview/2022-03-15-privatepreview/openapi.json
- Applications.Link/preview/2022-03-15-privatepreview/extenders.json
```
