swagger/specification/applications/resource-manager/readme.go.md, before:

## Go

These settings apply only when `--go` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(go) && !$(track2)
go:
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  namespace: applications
  clear-output-folder: true
```

### Go multi-api

```yaml $(go) && $(multiapi)
batch:
  - tag: package-core-2022-03-15-privatepreview
  - tag: package-link-2022-03-15-privatepreview
```

### Tag: package-core-2022-03-15-privatepreview and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-core-2022-03-15-privatepreview --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-core-2022-03-15-privatepreview' && $(go)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/preview/$(namespace)/mgmt/2022-03-15-privatepreview/core
```

### Tag: package-link-2022-03-15-privatepreview and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-link-2022-03-15-privatepreview --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-link-2022-03-15-privatepreview' && $(go)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/preview/$(namespace)/mgmt/2022-03-15-privatepreview/link
```

Commit message:

Update copyright to Radius authors (#5559)
# Description

Update copyright to Radius authors

#5315 

<!--
We strive to have all PR being opened based on an issue, where the
problem or feature have been discussed prior to implementation.
-->

Fixes: #issue_number

## Checklist

Please make sure you've completed the relevant tasks for this PR, out of
the following list:

* [ ] Code compiles correctly
* [ ] Adds necessary unit tests for change
* [ ] Adds necessary E2E tests for change
* [ ] Unit tests passing
* [ ] Extended the documentation / Created issue for it

swagger/specification/applications/resource-manager/readme.go.md, after:

## Go

These settings apply only when `--go` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(go) && !$(track2)
go:
  license-header: "Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 . See LICENSE in the repository root for license information.\nCode generated by Microsoft (R) AutoRest Code Generator.\nChanges may cause incorrect behavior and will be lost if the code is regenerated."
  namespace: applications
  clear-output-folder: true
```

### Go multi-api

```yaml $(go) && $(multiapi)
batch:
  - tag: package-core-2022-03-15-privatepreview
  - tag: package-link-2022-03-15-privatepreview
```

### Tag: package-core-2022-03-15-privatepreview and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-core-2022-03-15-privatepreview --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-core-2022-03-15-privatepreview' && $(go)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/preview/$(namespace)/mgmt/2022-03-15-privatepreview/core
```

### Tag: package-link-2022-03-15-privatepreview and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-link-2022-03-15-privatepreview --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-link-2022-03-15-privatepreview' && $(go)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/preview/$(namespace)/mgmt/2022-03-15-privatepreview/link
```
