README.md, before:

# Radius

Radius is a platform for developers and IT operators building cloud-native applications. With Radius, teams can model, deploy, manage, and troubleshoot entire applications across on-premises and multi-cloud environments, with a consistent set of tools and a common experience across it all.

## Overview

Application teams today struggle to build, deploy, and scale cloud-native applications. Not only do developers and IT operators need to model and manage complex app architectures, but they need to do so while balancing portability, organizational best-practices, regulatory requirements, and complex platform requirements. Even after figuring out all this and an app is deployed, teams struggle to communicate, visualize, and troubleshoot their app, often dealing with flat lists of resources that span every layer of the stack. 

As the pace of innovation increases for cloud-native technologies, so does the need for rapid progress within application teams. Application teams need a platform that can let developers and operators work together, while still maintaining the agility their users and applications require. These are the challenges that Radius is designed to solve.

## Release status

Radius is currently in an invitation-only private release and we are working hard to get Radius ready for public release in the near future.

## Getting started

1. Follow the [installation guide](https://docs.radapp.dev/getting-started/install/) to install Radius if you have not done so already.
1. Then, follow the [first app guide](https://docs.radapp.dev/getting-started/first-app/) to take a tour of Radius by running your first app.

## Quickstarts and Samples

See the [quickstarts repository](https://docs.radapp.dev/getting-started/quickstarts/) and [samples repository](https://github.com/project-radius/samples) for tutorials and code examples that can help you get started with Radius.

## Getting help

1. How do I file an issue 
1. How do I ask a question

## Community

Will Tsai to fill this section :)

### Contact Us

Will Tsai to fill this section :)

### Community Calls

Every month we host a community call to showcase new features, review upcoming milestones, and engage in a Q&A. All are welcome!

📞 Visit our [community meetings](https://docs.radapp.dev/community/#community-meetings) page for upcoming dates and the meeting link.

## Contributing to Radius

Point to Contributing.md with some info for receipes and docs repository

## Repositories

Call out this repo as the main repository for Radius, And follow up with per repo description to aid creation of issues in right repo. 

| Repo | Description |
|:-----|:------------|
| [Radius](https://github.com/project-radius/radius) | The main repository that you are currently in. Contains the Radius code and overview documentation.
| [Docs](https://github.com/project-radius/docs) | This repository contains the Radius documentation source for Radius.
| [Samples](https://github.com/project-radius/samples) | This repository contains the source code for quickstarts, reference apps, and tutorials for Radius.
| [Receipes](https://github.com/project-radius/recipes) | This repo contains commonly used Recipe templates for Radius environments.
| [Website](https://github.com/project-radius/website) | This repository contains the source code for the Radius website.
| [Bicep](https://github.com/project-radius/bicep) | This repository containes source code for Bicep, which is a DSL for deploying cloud resources types. 
| [AWS Bicep Types](https://github.com/project-radius/bicep-types-aws) | This repository contains the tooling for Bicep support for AWS resource types.


## Security

Please refer to [Reporting Security Vulnerabilities](https://github.com/project-radius/radius/SECURITY.md)

## Code of Conduct

Please refer to our [Radius Community Code Of Conduct](https://github.com/project-radius/radius/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

Commit message:

more edits and incorporate Aaron feedback
Signed-off-by: Will Tsai <28876888+willtsai@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Radius

Radius is a platform for developers and IT operators building cloud-native applications. With Radius, teams can model, deploy, manage, and troubleshoot entire applications across on-premises and multi-cloud environments, with a consistent set of tools and a common experience across it all.

## Overview

Application teams today struggle to build, deploy, and scale cloud-native applications. Not only do developers and IT operators need to model and manage complex app architectures, but they need to do so while balancing portability, organizational best-practices, regulatory requirements, and complex platform requirements. Even after figuring out all this and an app is deployed, teams struggle to communicate, visualize, and troubleshoot their app, often dealing with flat lists of resources that span every layer of the stack. 

As the pace of innovation increases for cloud-native technologies, so does the need for rapid progress within application teams. Application teams need a platform that can let developers and operators work together, while still maintaining the agility their users and applications require. These are the challenges that Radius is designed to solve.

## Release status

Radius is currently in an invitation-only private release and we are working hard to get Radius ready for public release in the near future.

## Getting started

1. Follow the [installation guide](https://docs.radapp.dev/getting-started/install/) to install Radius if you have not done so already.
1. Then, follow the [first app guide](https://docs.radapp.dev/getting-started/first-app/) to take a tour of Radius by running your first app.

## Quickstarts and samples

See the [Radius quickstarts](https://docs.radapp.dev/getting-started/quickstarts/) and [samples repository](https://github.com/project-radius/samples) for tutorials and code examples that can help you get started with Radius.

## Getting help

- ❓ **Have a question?** - Visit our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/SRG3ePMKNy) to post your question and we'll get back to you ASAP
- ⚠️ **Found an issue?** - Refer to our [Issues guide](docs/contributing/contributing-issues) for instructions on filing a bug report
- 💡 **Have a proposal?** - Refer to our [Issues guide](docs/contributing/contributing-issues) for instructions on filing a feature request

## Community

We welcome your contributions and suggestions! One of the easiest ways to contribute is to participate in Issue discussions, chat on [Discord server](https://discord.gg/SRG3ePMKNy) or the bi-weekly [community calls](#community-calls). For more information on the community engagement, developer and contributing guidelines and more, head over to the [Radius community repo](https://github.com/project-radius/community).

### Contact us

Please visit our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/SRG3ePMKNy) to contact us and we'll get back to you ASAP.

### Community calls

Every month we host a community call to showcase new features, review upcoming milestones, and engage in a Q&A. All are welcome!

📞 Visit our [community meetings](https://docs.radapp.dev/community/#community-meetings) page for upcoming dates and the meeting link.

## Contributing to Radius

Point to Contributing.md with some info for receipes and docs repository

## Repositories

Call out this repo as the main repository for Radius, And follow up with per repo description to aid creation of issues in right repo. 

| Repo | Description |
|:-----|:------------|
| [Radius](https://github.com/project-radius/radius) | The main repository that you are currently in. Contains the Radius code and overview documentation.
| [Docs](https://github.com/project-radius/docs) | This repository contains the Radius documentation source for Radius.
| [Samples](https://github.com/project-radius/samples) | This repository contains the source code for quickstarts, reference apps, and tutorials for Radius.
| [Receipes](https://github.com/project-radius/recipes) | This repo contains commonly used Recipe templates for Radius environments.
| [Website](https://github.com/project-radius/website) | This repository contains the source code for the Radius website.
| [Bicep](https://github.com/project-radius/bicep) | This repository containes source code for Bicep, which is a DSL for deploying cloud resources types. 
| [AWS Bicep Types](https://github.com/project-radius/bicep-types-aws) | This repository contains the tooling for Bicep support for AWS resource types.


## Security

Please refer to our guide on [Reporting security vulnerabilities](https://github.com/project-radius/radius/SECURITY.md)

## Code of conduct

Please refer to our [Radius community code Of conduct](https://github.com/project-radius/radius/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
