pkg/cli/clients_new/README.md, before:

### Prerequisites
1. Install [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/)
2. Install [AutoRest](http://aka.ms/autorest)
```
npm install -g autorest
```
---

## Configuration

The following are the settings for this using this API with AutoRest.

### Input OpenAPI specificiations

#### Tag: 2022-03-15-privatepreview

These settings apply only when `--tag=2022-03-15-privatepreview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == '2022-03-15-privatepreview'
input-file:
  - ../../../pkg/cli/swagger/genericResource.json
modelerfour: 
  treat-type-object-as-anything: false
```

### Common

The following configuration generates track2 go models and client.

```yaml $(tag) != ''
version: 3.*.*
use: "@autorest/go@4.0.0-preview.44"
module-version: 0.0.1
file-prefix: zz_generated_
license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
azure-arm: true
```

### Output

#### Tag: 2022-03-15-privatepreview

These settings apply only when `--tag=2022-03-15-privatepreview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == '2022-03-15-privatepreview'
output-folder: ./generated
```

### Adding ResourceTypes:
All resource types are tracked in resourceTypesList in ucp package. Whenever a new core-rp or link type is added this list has to be updated.

Commit message:

Update copyright to Radius authors (#5559)
# Description

Update copyright to Radius authors

#5315 

<!--
We strive to have all PR being opened based on an issue, where the
problem or feature have been discussed prior to implementation.
-->

Fixes: #issue_number

## Checklist

Please make sure you've completed the relevant tasks for this PR, out of
the following list:

* [ ] Code compiles correctly
* [ ] Adds necessary unit tests for change
* [ ] Adds necessary E2E tests for change
* [ ] Unit tests passing
* [ ] Extended the documentation / Created issue for it

pkg/cli/clients_new/README.md, after:

### Prerequisites
1. Install [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/)
2. Install [AutoRest](http://aka.ms/autorest)
```
npm install -g autorest
```
---

## Configuration

The following are the settings for this using this API with AutoRest.

### Input OpenAPI specificiations

#### Tag: 2022-03-15-privatepreview

These settings apply only when `--tag=2022-03-15-privatepreview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == '2022-03-15-privatepreview'
input-file:
  - ../../../pkg/cli/swagger/genericResource.json
modelerfour: 
  treat-type-object-as-anything: false
```

### Common

The following configuration generates track2 go models and client.

```yaml $(tag) != ''
version: 3.*.*
use: "@autorest/go@4.0.0-preview.44"
module-version: 0.0.1
file-prefix: zz_generated_
license-header: "Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 . See LICENSE in the repository root for license information.\nCode generated by Microsoft (R) AutoRest Code Generator.\nChanges may cause incorrect behavior and will be lost if the code is regenerated."
azure-arm: true
```

### Output

#### Tag: 2022-03-15-privatepreview

These settings apply only when `--tag=2022-03-15-privatepreview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == '2022-03-15-privatepreview'
output-folder: ./generated
```

### Adding ResourceTypes:
All resource types are tracked in resourceTypesList in ucp package. Whenever a new core-rp or link type is added this list has to be updated.
