docs/contributing/contributing-code/contributing-code-tests/running-functional-tests.md, before:

# Running Radius functional tests

You can find the functional tests under `./test/functional`. A functional tests (in our terminology) is a test that interacts with real hosting enviroments (Azure, Kubernetes), deploys real applications and resources, and covers realistic or simulated user scenarios.

These tests verify whether:

- That Radius environments can be created successfully.
- That Bicep templates of sample applications ca be deployed to the Radius environment. 

These run on Azure Radius environments (also called Radius test clusters) that are managed dynamically as part of the test process.

## Running via GitHub workflow

These tests automatically run for every PR in the `azure-pipelines.yml` github workflow.

We do not run these tests for commits to `main` or tags since they might block the build if they fail.

### How this works 

For each PR we run the following set of steps:

- Create a new test environment.
- Run deployment tests.
- Delete the environment.

## Configuration

These tests use your local Kubernetes credentials, and Radius environment for testing. In a GitHub workflow, our automation makes the CI environment resemble a dev scenario.

The tests use our product functionality (the Radius config file) to configure the environment.

## Running the tests locally

1. Create an environment
2. Place `rad` on your path
3. Make sure `rad-bicep` is downloaded (`rad bicep download`)
4. Run:

    ```sh
        .{workspace}/radius/test/executeCoreRPFunctionalTest.sh
    ```

When you're running locally with this configuration, the tests will use your locally selected Radius environment and your local copy of `rad`. The executeCoreRPFunctionalTest.sh scripts creates the azure resources and exports the values to be used in the functional test and runs:
 ```sh
    make test-functional-corerp
 ```

You can also run/debug individual tests from VSCode

### Seeing log output

Some of these tests take a few minutes to run since they interact with cloud resources. You should configure VSCode to output verbose output so you can see the progress.

Open your VSCode `settings.json` with the command `Preferences: Open Settings (JSON)` and configure the following options:
```
{
    ...
    "go.testTimeout": "60m",
    "go.testFlags": [
        "-v"
    ]
}
```

Commit message:

replace rad env init with new commands in cicd (#5479)
# Description

This PR 
- replaces the heavy rad env init in cicd with  new commands. 
- adds changes to use the az and aws provider information stored on
server side as part of env properties, instead of reading it from
workspace properties in config.yaml



## Issue reference

<!--
We strive to have all PR being opened based on an issue, where the
problem or feature have been discussed prior to implementation.
-->

Fixes: #5104 


## Checklist

Please make sure you've completed the relevant tasks for this PR, out of
the following list:

* [ X] Code compiles correctly
* [ X] Adds necessary unit tests for change
* [ X] Adds necessary E2E tests for change
* [ X] Unit tests passing
* [ ] Extended the documentation / Created issue for it

---------

Co-authored-by: Bharath Joginapally <bharath@Bharaths-MacBook-Pro.local>

docs/contributing/contributing-code/contributing-code-tests/running-functional-tests.md, after:

# Running Radius functional tests

You can find the functional tests under `./test/functional`. A functional tests (in our terminology) is a test that interacts with real hosting enviroments (Azure, Kubernetes), deploys real applications and resources, and covers realistic or simulated user scenarios.

These tests verify whether:

- That Radius environments can be created successfully.
- That Bicep templates of sample applications ca be deployed to the Radius environment. 

These run on Azure Radius environments (also called Radius test clusters) that are managed dynamically as part of the test process.

Note that these tests require the Radius environment to be associated with "default" kubernetes namespace. 
Since an environment "env-name"'s default namespace is "env-name", we should explicitly supply  --namespace "default" flag during the test Radius environment creation.

## Running via GitHub workflow

These tests automatically run for every PR in the `azure-pipelines.yml` github workflow.

We do not run these tests for commits to `main` or tags since they might block the build if they fail.

### How this works 

For each PR we run the following set of steps:

- Create a new test environment.
- Run deployment tests.
- Delete the environment.

## Configuration

These tests use your local Kubernetes credentials, and Radius environment for testing. In a GitHub workflow, our automation makes the CI environment resemble a dev scenario.

The tests use our product functionality (the Radius config file) to configure the environment.

## Running the tests locally

1. Create an environment
2. Place `rad` on your path
3. Make sure `rad-bicep` is downloaded (`rad bicep download`)
4. Run:

    ```sh
        .{workspace}/radius/test/executeCoreRPFunctionalTest.sh
    ```

When you're running locally with this configuration, the tests will use your locally selected Radius environment and your local copy of `rad`. The executeCoreRPFunctionalTest.sh scripts creates the azure resources and exports the values to be used in the functional test and runs:
 ```sh
    make test-functional-corerp
 ```

You can also run/debug individual tests from VSCode

### Seeing log output

Some of these tests take a few minutes to run since they interact with cloud resources. You should configure VSCode to output verbose output so you can see the progress.

Open your VSCode `settings.json` with the command `Preferences: Open Settings (JSON)` and configure the following options:
```
{
    ...
    "go.testTimeout": "60m",
    "go.testFlags": [
        "-v"
    ]
}
```
