pkg/ucp/api/README.md, before:

# API models

This directory includes API version specific models from open api specs. The models in this directory is used for serializing/deserializing request and response. [datamodels](../datamodel/) has the converters to convert between version specific models and datamodels. datamodels will be used for internal controller and datastorage.

## Generate new models
### Prerequisites
1. Install [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/)
2. Install [AutoRest](http://aka.ms/autorest)
```
npm install -g autorest
```

### Add new api-version

1. Add api version tags and openapi file below in this README.md
2. Run autorest.
```bash
autorest README.md --tag=ucp-2022-09-01-privatepreview
```
3. Create or modify the corresponding datamodels in [datamodel](../datamodel/)
4. Add the converter between versioned model and datamodel in [converter](../datamodel/converter/)

---

## Configuration

The following are the settings for this using this API with AutoRest.

### Input OpenAPI specificiations

#### Tag: ucp-2022-09-01-privatepreview

These settings apply only when `--tag=ucp-2022-09-01-privatepreview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'ucp-2022-09-01-privatepreview'
input-file:
  - ../../../swagger/specification/ucp/resource-manager/UCP/preview/2022-09-01-privatepreview/openapi.json
modelerfour: 
  treat-type-object-as-anything: false
```

### Common

The following configuration generates track2 go models and client.

```yaml $(tag) != ''
version: 3.*.*
use: "@autorest/go@4.0.0-preview.44"
module-version: 0.0.1
file-prefix: zz_generated_
license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
azure-arm: true
```

### Output

#### Tag: 2022-09-01-privatepreview

These settings apply only when `--tag=ucp-2022-09-01-privatepreview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'ucp-2022-09-01-privatepreview'
output-folder: ./v20220901privatepreview
```

Commit message:

Update copyright to Radius authors (#5559)
# Description

Update copyright to Radius authors

#5315 

<!--
We strive to have all PR being opened based on an issue, where the
problem or feature have been discussed prior to implementation.
-->

Fixes: #issue_number

## Checklist

Please make sure you've completed the relevant tasks for this PR, out of
the following list:

* [ ] Code compiles correctly
* [ ] Adds necessary unit tests for change
* [ ] Adds necessary E2E tests for change
* [ ] Unit tests passing
* [ ] Extended the documentation / Created issue for it

pkg/ucp/api/README.md, after:

# API models

This directory includes API version specific models from open api specs. The models in this directory is used for serializing/deserializing request and response. [datamodels](../datamodel/) has the converters to convert between version specific models and datamodels. datamodels will be used for internal controller and datastorage.

## Generate new models
### Prerequisites
1. Install [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/)
2. Install [AutoRest](http://aka.ms/autorest)
```
npm install -g autorest
```

### Add new api-version

1. Add api version tags and openapi file below in this README.md
2. Run autorest.
```bash
autorest README.md --tag=ucp-2022-09-01-privatepreview
```
3. Create or modify the corresponding datamodels in [datamodel](../datamodel/)
4. Add the converter between versioned model and datamodel in [converter](../datamodel/converter/)

---

## Configuration

The following are the settings for this using this API with AutoRest.

### Input OpenAPI specificiations

#### Tag: ucp-2022-09-01-privatepreview

These settings apply only when `--tag=ucp-2022-09-01-privatepreview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'ucp-2022-09-01-privatepreview'
input-file:
  - ../../../swagger/specification/ucp/resource-manager/UCP/preview/2022-09-01-privatepreview/openapi.json
modelerfour: 
  treat-type-object-as-anything: false
```

### Common

The following configuration generates track2 go models and client.

```yaml $(tag) != ''
version: 3.*.*
use: "@autorest/go@4.0.0-preview.44"
module-version: 0.0.1
file-prefix: zz_generated_
license-header: "Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 . See LICENSE in the repository root for license information.\nCode generated by Microsoft (R) AutoRest Code Generator.\nChanges may cause incorrect behavior and will be lost if the code is regenerated."
azure-arm: true
```

### Output

#### Tag: 2022-09-01-privatepreview

These settings apply only when `--tag=ucp-2022-09-01-privatepreview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'ucp-2022-09-01-privatepreview'
output-folder: ./v20220901privatepreview
```
