---
type: docs
title: "Contributing to Project Radius documentation"
linkTitle: "Components"
description: "How to contribute new Radius components"
weight: 300
---

{{% alert title="👷‍♂️ Under construction 🚧" color="warning" %}}
This page is still under construction. Please come back soon once the Radius team has time to plan out how to create components in an extensible way.
{{% /alert %}}

## Documentation

All components need to have a page under the [Resource library]({{< ref resources >}}). Each page needs to have:

- Overview section which describes what the component does and why people would use it.
- Configuration section which describes every value which you could provide when defining a component, along with example values for each field.
- Bindings section which describes every bindings the component can provide.
- Traits section which describes every trait that component can have.
- Code example section which describes what the component is and what it does.

## JSON Schema

### Adding a new Component schema

- Under the directory `pkg/radrp/schema/components`, add a JSON Schema file for your Component. See existing Components for example, and also take a look at [JSON Schema Draft 4](https://json-schema.org/specification-links.html#draft-4) for more information.
- In your JSON schema, make sure that the new Component inherits from TrackedResource or Proxy Resource, look at existing components JSON schema to see how it is done.
>> `TrackedResource` means that a copy of your resource is stored by centralized servers in Azure. When a GET happens, it will hit the cache. TrackedResource also has to support tags and also have to have a location. Generally a top level resource is tracked (Application).
>> `ProxyResource` means that your RP can change the state dynamically. When a GET happens, it will go through to your RP.
- Register your schema in the manifest file at `pkg/radrp/schema/resource-types.json`.
- Add some tests to confirm your JSON schema in the `pkg/radrp/schema/testdata/{componentName}` directory. Any JSON file with `*-valid.json` suffix should be accepted by your new schema. Any JSON file with `*-invalid.json` suffix should be rejected by your new schema, with errors matching the content of `*-invalid.txt` file in the same directory.

### Adding a new Trait schema

- Under the directory `pkg/radrp/schema/traits`, add a JSON Schema for your new trait. Note that the `kind` field must be an enum string having an exactly one value. See existing JSON Schema in the same directory as examples.
- Update `pkg/radrp/schema/traits.json` to refer to your new Trait.

## OpenAPI spec

The OpenAPI specs are in:
- schemas/rest-api-specs: containing latest Radius API spec.

OpenAPI specs are autogenerated from the JSON Schema of Components (and other Radius resources) so no need to update the OpenAPI spec when contributing a new component. You will just need to run `make generate` and add the generated diff into your PRs.
